Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, after successfully creating an account, what we can do is we can reset all these fields.
To do this, we going to need to go back to our VTS code.
And you can see over here we have this underscore faster and it ends here.
Right.
So right after saving the data to our cloud faster data database, what we can then do, we can call
the underscore from key.
Form key.
And we have to get the current situation of the form by saying current state and do.
We set.
Okay.
And over here we.
We need a no check.
Okay.
And in essence, to do what this we basically do is to reset all those fields we have.
That is the 1 to 3 fields.
And also, we are going to be able to reset the image field to make it right.
To do that, we have to set state.
And that's how update the UI because we basically want to update this to nothing.
Right.
Okay.
So I can then use this set state.
Set state.
And we are going to call the underscore image and we're going to set it to law.
Okay.
Great.
This is basically it's a news conference to save.
And.
Click on this.
Again.
Hopefully it has been clicked.
And it's going to take some time.
It's a reset.
Everything for us.
He is going to check what is going on on my debug console.
Okay.
I think network issues.
And we just have to wait for this.
It beats.
Okay.
To click on it again.
Naureen asfar based looker.
This is basically network issues.
I can just reset, restart my visa code.
We start.
So, you know, we start in my vehicle.
I don't know what I'm saying.
We start my up.
And.
Okay.
Now let's go check this out.
It's kind of hard to start this.
But we start this.
Please.
Okay.
And we can sign up.
Upload a profile photo.
And.
I'm just going to say a few words.
If my store.
And Email knows full name is monster and the image is going to be from monster as well.
HTML.
That's calm.
And the password is going to be a MSI and sign up.
It's going to reset this field now.
Okay.
Within.
Within, within, within.
Okay.
Seems good.
Okay, guys.
See you.
And then.